Prompt:
* Summarize the Amazon Go readings.
* How do the readings differ in their views of the Amazon Go store? Did the Amazonians consider each of these perspectives? Should they have? How might you classify them?
* Have you visited an Amazon Go store? If so, how did you feel? If not, how do you think you would feel? (In non-stay-at-home times, I’d encourage you to visit one, time-permitting.)

Amazon Go foreshadows an automated future. Driven by financial incentive and enabled by Seattle's increasingly technical workforce, the e-commerce giant has identified a new domain to automate and ruthlessly optimize: brick-and-mortar retail sales.

The two selected articles provide background on the store itself while introducing citizen perspectives. But they also share a common thesis: our capitalist society places profit, and the profit margin, at the highest echelons of importance. All other factors, whether it be the impacts of disruption, inclusivity across demographics, or data privacy, are second-class.

[*Amazon's Checkout-Free Store Makes Shopping Feel Like Shoplifting*](https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2018/01/amazon-go-store-checkouts-seattle/551357/), Jake Bullinger. 

Bullinger's article summarizes the underlying mechanisms of the Amazon Go store, its potential impacts on the economy, and opinions from local citizens. He notes that a hyper-automated store could dramatically reduce costs by cutting cashiers, as human labor is expensive. Those being displaced - low-skill workers - were unsurprisingly hostile to the store's opening. But, many shoppers, implied to be in white-collar industries, view automation as inevitable, a technological shift akin to the automobile supplanting horses. Furthermore, construction contractors for Amazon welcomed the change, noting that Amazon provides thousands of jobs across career tracks. 

[*In Amazon Go, no one thinks I'm stealing*](https://www.cnet.com/news/amazon-go-avoid-discrimination-shopping-commentary/), Ashlee Clark Thompson

Thompson expands the dialogue by including her perspective as a black shopper. In her article, she contrasts Amazon Go and traditional grocery stores, noting that in traditional stores she is accustomed to defensive shopping, i.e. actively minimizing the risk that her actions will be mislabeled as criminal. By removing a key source of bias in physical stores - human cashiers - Thompson finds the Go store inviting, and relishes the feeling of shopping without fear.   

It would be remiss, however, to celebrate Amazon Go as a safe space for BIPOC shoppers, before considering *what factors* caused Go to emerge as a safe space. Was Amazon's intention to be inclusive to marginalized BIPOC people? I doubt it, especially when you consider that Amazon has historically staffed fulfillment centers, many of which are unsafe working environments, primarily with BIPOC labor. Thompson alludes to this concern in her final line: "Amazon sees green, and in its own capitalist way, this cashierless concept eased my burden a little bit." 

Furthermore, consider what other purposes Go stores could hold. When I went to the store, I marveled at the seamlessness of transaction, but worried about my privacy - what happens to the video clip of me deciding between the vegetarian banh mi and the lasagna? Bullinger estimates that terabytes of video data could be generated daily; over the span of a year and multiple stores, this constitutes petabytes of data on consumer shopping habits: how we decide between products and respond to environmental stimuli (like the weather or the shop's layout). Fused with other sources of data (e.g. behavioral data from Facebook or enterprise data from LinkedIn/inboxes), Amazon could amass a trove of insights to push consumers into spending, targeting their insecurities and aggressively leveraging discriminatory, adjustable prices to maximize revenue per individual.

Simply put, in the system we inhabit, consumers should be wary of celebrating inclusivity or convenience as anything but a facade to generate profit.